README.md, before:

# Robofriends

This project is inspired in the Robofriends created by Andrei Neagoie.

## Dependencies

|  Dependency | Description  |
|---|---|
| [Create React App](https://github.com/webpack/webpack)  |  Set up a modern web app by running one command. |
| [Tachyons](https://tachyons.io/)  |  Functional css for humans  |

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Edwin Torres

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE

Commit message:

feature: Added redux to the project

README.md, after:

# Robofriends

This project is being inspired by Robofriends, which was created by [Andrei Neagoie](https://github.com/aneagoie/robofriends/ in the [Complete Web Developer 2020 course](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-web-developer-zero-to-mastery/learn/).

This project contains the fundamental concepts used in every real web project like: 
 * Responsive layout for (mobile, tablet, desktop).
 * **React** (Or any framework / library) to render changes efficient way.
 * **Redux** to manage the application state.
 * API consumption to get data from any external resource.

## Dependencies

|  Dependency | Description  |
|---|---|
| [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)  |  Set up a modern web app by running one command. |
| [Tachyons](https://tachyons.io/)  |  Functional css for humans  |
| [Redux](https://es.redux.js.org/) | A Predictable State Container for JS Apps |

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Edwin Torres

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
